Intro edits (#519)
worldbank/dime-data-handbook: chapters/0-introduction.tex

This means that the many different people on a team need to have the same ideas
about what is to be done, and when and where and by whom,
so that they can collaborate effectively on a large, long-term research project.

> Despite the growing importance, little practical guidance is available for practitioners

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite the growing importance of managing data work, 
little practical guidance is available for practitioners
```

and then develops and integrates lessons from those engagements to bring to the full team.
Resources developed and tested in DIME are converted into public goods
for the global research community, through open-access trainings and open-source tools.

> The DIME Analytics Resources Appendix provides an introduction to public materials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DIME Analytics Resource Directory appendix provides an introduction to public materials.
```
